Okay, sit. So. I heard a funny little rumor that you married the famous billionaire Edward
Arduin. It's a truth. I didn't know that he was a billionaire until after we were married.
You're joking. How did you manage that?
Well, who cares? What are you waiting for? Seal the deal.
I don't know that I can't think about anyone but Algar.
T, it's been ten years since you two escaped the orphanage.
Do we know if Algar could be anywhere? He could be dead.
He's one dead!
Okay, um, I'm sorry. So, what's your plan?
Keep things the way they are, I guess, except now I can focus more on acting and not dancing in strip clubs.
Hey! That's exciting, right? That's something you've always wanted to do since you were a kid.
Is that audition today?
Yes.
Hi, I'm here for the audition.
You think you could just show up like that, you slut?